MIT’s Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) course is accompanied by interview/talk/discussion with pioneers of difference related applications/tools for AI. The videos (also available as podcasts) are available: 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrAXtmErZgOdP_8GztsuKi9nrraNbKKp4


Following is the list of talks and introduction of the speakers:
Topic	Guest	Description
Poker and Game Theory	Tuomas Sandholm	Tuomas Sandholm is a professor at CMU and co-creator of Libratus, which is the first AI system to beat top human players at the game of Heads-Up No-Limit Texas Hold’em. He has published over 450 papers on game theory and machine learning,

Godel Machines, Meta-Learning, and LSTMs	Juergen Schmidhuber	Juergen Schmidhuber is the co-creator of long short-term memory networks (LSTMs) which are used in billions of devices today for speech recognition, translation, and much more. Over 30 years, he has proposed a lot of interesting,

Deep Reinforcement Learning	Pieter Abbeel	Pieter Abbeel is a professor at UC Berkeley, director of the Berkeley Robot Learning Lab, and is one of the top researchers in the world working on how to make robots understand and interact with the world around them,

Long-Term Future of AI	Stuart Russell	Stuart Russell is a professor of computer science at UC Berkeley and a co-author of the book that introduced me and millions of other people to AI, called Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach.  Video version is available on YouTube.

Google	Eric Schmidt	Eric Schmidt was the CEO of Google from 2001 to 2011, and its executive chairman from 2011 to 2017, guiding the company through a period of incredible growth and a series of world-changing innovations.  Video version is available on YouTube.

Stack Overflow and Coding Horror	Jeff Atwood	Jeff Atwood is a co-founder of Stack Overflow and Stack Exchange, websites that are visited by millions of people every day. Much like with Wikipedia, it is difficult to understate the impact on global knowledge and productivity that these network of s.

Python	Guido van Rossum	Guido van Rossum is the creator of Python, one of the most popular and impactful programming languages in the world. Video version is available on YouTube. If you would like to get more information about this podcast go to https://lexfridman.

Statistical Learning	Vladimir Vapnik	Vladimir Vapnik is the co-inventor of support vector machines, support vector clustering, VC theory, and many foundational ideas in statistical learning. His work has been cited over 170,000 times. He has some very interesting ideas about artificial in.

Deep Learning	Yoshua Bengio	Yoshua Bengio, along with Geoffrey Hinton and Yann Lecun, is considered one of the three people most responsible for the advancement of deep learning during the 1990s, 2000s, and now. Cited 139,000 times, he has been integral to some of the biggest bre.

AI in the Age of Reason	Steven Pinker	Steven Pinker is a professor at Harvard and before that was a professor at MIT. He is the author of many books, several of which have had a big impact on the way I see the world for the better. In particular,

Knowledge Engine	Stephen Wolfram	Excerpt from lecture Q&A with Stephen Wolfram as part of MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence. Video version is available on YouTube. If you would like to get more information about this podcast go to https://lexfridman.

Boston Dynamics	Marc Raibert	Excerpt from lecture Q&A with Marc Raibert, CEO of Boston Dynamics, as part of MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence. Video version is available on YouTube. If you would like to get more information about this podcast go to https://lexfridman.

Emotion	Lisa Feldman Barrett	An on-stage conversation with Lisa Feldman Barrett as part of MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence. Video version is available on YouTube. She is a University Distinguished Professor of Psychology at Northeastern University,

Future of Intelligence	Ray Kurzweil	An excerpt of lecture (and Q&A) given by Ray Kurzweil as part of MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence. Video version is available on YouTube. He is Co-Founder and Chancellor of Singularity University and a Director of Engineering at Google hea.

Deep Learning	Ilya Sutskever	An excerpt of lecture (and Q&A) given by Ilya Sutskever as part of MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence. Video version is available on YouTube. He is the co-founder and Research Director of OpenAI. His recent work, in the past 5 years,

Consciousness	Christof Koch	A conversation with Christof Koch as part of MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence. Video version is available on YouTube. He is the President and Chief Scientific Officer of the Allen Institute for Brain Science in Seattle.

Life 3.0	Max Tegmark	A conversation with Max Tegmark as part of MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence. Video version is available on YouTube. He is a Physics Professor at MIT, co-founder of the Future of Life Institute, and author of “Life 3.

